movies in short here
today i will explain a 2017 action
thriller film called atomic blonde which
is based on the 2012 graphic novel the
coldest city
sit back relax and enjoy the movie
starts in november 1989 days prior to
the collapse of the berlin wall mi6
agent james gascoigne is being chased
through the streets of berlin
he turns to look for his pursuers but is
suddenly hit by a mercedes-benz
the driver kgb agent yuri bakkten shoots
agent gascoigne then removes his
wristwatch and throws him off a bridge
into the water below
ten days later in london top level mi6
spy lorraine broughton gets out of her
ice bath and looks at a photograph of
her and gascoigne before setting it
alight
she appears to have sustained multiple
injuries from her previous mission
lorraine is brought in to be debriefed
by mi6 executive eric gray and cia agent
emmitt kurzfeld about her operation in
berlin
the plot jumps between the debriefing
room and flashbacks to lorraine's time
in germany
the day after gascoigne's death lorraine
is informed of his murder and that he
met with a german stasi agent codenamed
spyglass
gascoigne promised spyglass immunity in
exchange for a document on microfilm
that was hidden in a swiss watch and
codenamed the list
this document contains the details of
every active intelligence officer in
berlin and could extend the cold war for
another 40 years if it fell into the
wrong hands
eric gray believes gascoigne was most
likely killed by yuri bogdan and that he
now has the watch containing the list
lorraine is ordered to meet with mi6
agent david percival and find yuri
in east berlin spyglass meets percival
at a party and tells him that he gave
the list to gasco in the previous night
and that he needs safe passage for his
family out of germany as part of their
agreement percival says he hasn't seen
gascoigne or the watch yet so he has no
obligation to honor their deal
the police arrive to raid the party and
everyone flees
spyglass tells percival that he
memorized the list so we'll still be
able to provide it to him in gascoigne's
absence
percival agrees to escort spyglass and
his family out of the country when he
delivers the new list
lorraine arrives in west berlin and when
she exits the airport she encounters a
man with a british accent who says mr
percival is running late so he and his
associate have been sent to collect her
during the trip the man indicates that
he is in fact not from mi6 but rather a
member of the kgb
the men intend to take her to comrade
alexander bremovich for questioning but
lorraine removes her high heel and beats
the man in the back seat with it then
kicks him out of the speeding vehicle
she grabs hold of the steering wheel and
drives the car into a concrete barrier
flipping the vehicle onto its roof david
percival has been tailing them and jumps
out of his porsche he peeks into the
upturned vehicle and says welcome to
berlin lorraine fails to find any humor
in the situation and shoots at him
in east berlin comrade bremovich is busy
trying to locate the whereabouts of
spyglass bachten is absent from duty
sobrimovich assumes he is busy trying to
sell the list and sends one of his men
to find him back in west berlin lorraine
is in her hotel room and here's an
intruder
percival has broken into her room
after subduing him she asks if he knows
anything about spyglass
percival lies and says he's never met
him
lorraine then goes to visit a watchmaker
who doubles as an information broker
she asks him for access to a contact in
east berlin
he tells her to come back tomorrow
before closing
later that day lorraine breaks into
gascoigne's apartment looking for any
clues that may help her find the list
back in the debriefing room we learn
that besides finding the list lorraine
was also tasked with catching a double
agent named satchel described as the
single biggest intelligence leak in mi6
history
in gascoigne's apartment lorraine finds
a photo of percival and james but the
police arrive before she can find any
further info on satchel or the list
percival was the only one that knew she
was going to james's apartment so he
must have been the one who contacted the
police
lorraine dispatches the policeman and
escapes by jumping off the balcony while
hanging on to a rope
that night lorraine visits a restaurant
in berlin and encounters bremovich but
delphine lasalle disrupts their
conversation telling alexander that she
and lorraine haven't seen each other in
a long time and really need to catch up
bremovich leaves the restaurant
delphine invites lorraine to meet her at
a nightclub the following night
the next day lorraine visits the
watchmaker and takes a brown envelope
that has the details for the contact in
east berlin she asked for
percival is surveilling the watchmaker
and here's their conversation
back in her hotel lorraine dismantles
the watch and uses the information
contained inside to decipher a location
on the map
she disguises herself and crosses the
border to meet the contact
brahmavich is immediately informed that
lorraine crossed the border into east
berlin and orders his men to capture her
but she manages to hide in the cinema
then sets off a fire alarm and escapes
during the confusion
she encounters one of brenovich's men
and they begin to brawl
lorraine stabs him in the face with a
set of keys but it has little effect
he kicks her through the cinema screen
and she runs and finally makes it
outside the building
lorraine loses brenovich's men and makes
it to a rooftop where the contact is
waiting for her
back in west berlin bachton enters the
watchmaker's shop percival watches him
go inside and smiles
bockton tells the watchmaker that he is
interested in selling a watch that is
extremely valuable and filled with
secrets
that night lorraine visits the nightclub
delphine invited her to
the two share a kiss before delphine
leads her to a quiet room in the back of
the club
lorraine takes delphine's gun off of her
and points it at her head asking her why
she is carrying a weapon delphine says
she knows lorraine is mi6 and is in
berlin because of the death of gascoigne
lorraine angrily asks her what she knows
about dascoin
delphine says she doesn't have any
information regarding his murder but
reveals that she is a french
intelligence officer who has only been
stationed in berlin for a year and is
scared of ending up like gascoigne
murdered as a result of the list
lorraine lowers the weapon and the two
kiss again before heading back to
delphine's apartment where things get
hot and heavy
delphine informs lorraine there's
something she needs to tell her about
percival
lorraine turns music on to stop anyone
from listening in on their conversation
delphine leans over and whispers
something into her ear
in the debriefing room kersfeld and gray
are listening to a recording of her
conversation with delphine and asked if
she provided any information they
couldn't hear while the music was
playing
lorraine lies and says delphine gave her
nothing
back in berlin percival lures backed
into an alley kills him and takes the
wristwatch containing the list from him
we cut to a structure overlooking the
berlin wall
lorraine meets kurzfeld who gives her a
newspaper
when lorraine dials the number in the
paper a distorted voice informs her that
satchel has been compromised
in east berlin percival is busy viewing
the contents of the list and discovers
the identity of satchel
lorraine meets percival in a bar where
he lets it slip that he knows spyglass
even though he said he'd never met him
he tells lorraine that spyglass
committed the entire list to memory
lorraine and percival make plans to
escort spyglass across the border to
west berlin during a protest march the
following day
percival then meets with bremovich who
suspects he has the list
percival offers to provide him with
information that will keep the balance
but doesn't elaborate further on what
that is
lorraine travels to east berlin and
together with percival they meet with
her contact and prepare to get spyglass
across the border
they give him a new look and passport
lorraine and spyglass attempt to blend
into the crowd of protesters but they
are immediately spotted by the kgb
a sniper has them in his sights
lorraine's contact whistles and people
in the crowd open their umbrellas
blocking the sniper's vision
despite the cover spyglass is shot in
the stomach with a silenced pistol by
none other than percival lorraine takes
spyglass into a nearby building to look
for medical supplies and battles her way
through multiple kgb agents but is
eventually pinned down by gunfire in a
room
lorraine brawls with the same henchmen
she fought in the cinema but she manages
to beat him this time
spyglass and her escape the building and
drive off in a police car
they are chased and shot at by the kgb
but eventually escape and stop next to a
river
suddenly another kgb vehicle rams into
them and knocks them into the river
spyglass's foot is stuck and the car is
filling with water and sinking rapidly
lorraine tries her best to set him free
but it's no use
she escapes and swims to the surface
her contact finds her and gives her a
blanket to warm her up
using a fake passport he gets her across
the border to west berlin
back in her hotel lorraine realizes
percival planted a bug in her coat
delphine arrives and lorraine tells her
that she needs to get out of berlin
she tells her percival set them both up
and shows her the tracking device
delphine phones percival and tells him
she knows his secrets
percival goes to lasalle's apartment and
kills her escaping moments before
lorraine arrives
she finds an envelope addressed to her
with photos delphine took a percival's
meeting with bremovich
in the meantime percival has set fire to
his apartment and is planning to leave
berlin but finds that his tires have
been slashed
lorraine confronts him and shoots him
then takes the watch containing the list
off his wrist
in the debriefing room lorraine presents
delphine's photographs and audio
recordings which paint percival as
satchel
however we see lorraine doctor the audio
recordings by combining out of context
audio clips from multiple conversations
she had with percival and bremovich
she denies knowing the list's
whereabouts leaving mi6 no choice but to
close the case
three days later in paris lorraine now
speaking in russian meets with bremovich
who addresses her as comrade satchel
she gives him the wristwatch containing
the list
bremovich having learned from percival
there is more to satchel than he had
previously known orders his men to kill
her
satchel uses a gun she had hidden in the
ice to dispatch the kgb and shoots
bremovich
then speaking with an american accent
she tells brenovic she always fed him
misinformation to manipulate the kgb
she kills bremovich
lorraine and kurzfeld returned to the
united states with the list
in their friendly conversation we
learned that lorraine is a triple agent
and had been working for the cia all
along
thanks for watching if you've enjoyed
the video and want to see more please
consider subscribing and turning on the
notification bell it helps a lot
thanks and see you again very soon
[Music]
you